AND ON THE POLITICAL FRONT, IT
IS KIND OF A MIRACULOUS THING
WE SEE HAPPENING, WHICH IS THAT
WE JUST HAD MIKE MCCAUL, WHO'S
CLASHED WITH THE ADMINISTRATION,
THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION
BEFORE.
CHAIRMAN OF HOUSE FOR AFFAIRS,
HAS THREATENED TO HOLD TONY
BLINKEN IN CONTEMPT,
COMPLEMENTING TONY BLINKEN AND
THE ADMINISTRATION FOR BEING
THERE AND BEING ON THE GROUND
TO STAND WITH ISRAEL.
WHO IS NOT DOING THAT IS THE
FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES.
DONALD TRUMP, AND I WANT TO
PLAY FOR EVERYONE WHAT HE SAID
YESTERDAY, BECAUSE WE'VE ALSO
JUST RECEIVED A RESPONSE FROM
THE BIDEN WHITE HOUSE.
LISTEN TO THIS.
>> I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT BIBI
NETANYAHU LET US DOWN.
THAT WAS A VERY TERRIBLE THING,
I WILL SAY THAT.
WHAT I SEE SOMETIMES IN
INTELLIGENCE, WE TALK ABOUT THE
INTELLIGENCE OR YOU TALK ABOUT
SOME OF THE THINGS THAT WENT
WRONG OVER THE LAST WEEK.
THEY'VE GOT TO STRAIGHTEN IT
OUT, BECAUSE THEY'RE FIGHTING
POTENTIALLY A VERY BIG FORCE.
AND THEY SAID, SHE, I HOPE
HEZBOLLAH DOESN'T ATTACK FROM
THE NORTH.
BECAUSE THAT'S THE MOST
VULNERABLE SPOT.
I SAID, WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU KNOW, HEZBOLLAH IS VERY
SMART.
THEY'RE ALL VERY SMART.
>> VERY SMART.
FROM THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE JUST PUT THIS
OUT, A SPOKESPERSON ON THESE
STATEMENTS SAYS, WE DON'T
COMMENT ON 2024.
STATEMENTS LIKE THIS ARE
DANGEROUS AND UNHINGED.
IT'S COMPLETELY LOST ON US WHY
ANY AMERICAN WOULD EVER PRAISE
AN IRAN-BACKED TERRORIST
ORGANIZATION AS SMART, OR HAVE
ANY OBJECTION TO THE UNITED
STATES WARNING TERRORISTS NOT
TO ATTACK ISRAEL, ESPECIALLY
NOW AS ISRAEL'S FIGHTING BACK
AGAINST ONE OF THE WORST ACTS
OF MASS MURDER IN THE COUNTRY'S
HISTORY.
>> YOU KNOW, THERE USED TO BE
AN IDEA THAT WAS --
BY REPUBLICANS.
PARTISANSHIP OUGHT TO END AT
THE WATER'S EDGE.
THAT'S PARTICULARLY TRUE IN A
TIME OF CRISIS LIKE THIS, WITH
AN ALLY.
THE FACT THAT DONALD TRUMP
DIDN'T HAVE THE DECENCY TO TRY
TO UNITE THE NATION, BUT HIS
INSTINCT IS ALWAYS TO DIVIDE
AND MAKE IT ABOUT HIMSELF.
AND THEN TO PRAISE THE
TERRORISTS, WHO ARE MURDERING
CHILDREN, AS VERY SMART.
YOU KNOW, IT REMINDS ME OF
LANGUAGE HE USED AFTER TEAM IN
SQUARE, WHEN HE PRAISED THE
CHINESE GOVERNMENT AT THAT TIME
FOR BEING TOUGH AND SMART.
HE SEEMS TO PRAISE VIOLENT
ACTIONS BY SO-CALLED STRONGMAN
OR GROUPS.
AND IT'S PART OF THAT.
IT'S THIS INSTINCT TO MAKE IT
ALL ABOUT HIMSELF, NOT THINKING
ABOUT, OTHERS LET ALONE
THINKING ABOUT THE NATION.
>> CAN I JUST QUICKLY ASK YOU
ABOUT THAT?
WE JUST SAW ANTHONY BLINKEN IN
A REMARKABLE, UNPRECEDENTED
GATHERING OF ISRAELIS, HUGGING
HIM, CRYING IN HIS ARMS.
HE SECRETARY OF STATE, HE'S
WITH THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION.
DO YOU SEE THIS AS DONALD TRUMP
TRYING TO FIND HIS ROLE, TO GET
THE ATTENTION HE SO CRAVES AS
OPPOSED TO TRYING TO GOVERN?
TRYING TO SHOW --
>> THAT'S INSTINCT.
HE'S GOT TO INSERT HIMSELF.
WHAT HE FEELS WHEN IT'S NOT
ABOUT HIM, EVEN IF IT'S A
TERRORIST ATTACK TRYING TO
INSERT HIMSELF IN THIS.
THE ABILITY TO RISE ABOVE AND
UNITE.
I DON'T THINK IT'S ABOUT
ANYTHING MORE THAN HIS EGO AND
HIS INSTINCT TO PRAISE STRONG
MEN.
NO BETTER HOW UGLY THAT IS.
THIS IS NOT HARD TO UNITE RIGHT
NOW.
>> IS IT AS SIMPLE, ANNA, AS
MAYBE --
>> GO AHEAD.
>> IT IS BECAUSE FOR ME DONALD
TRUMP IS --
HE IS AN INCOHERENT, NARCISSIST,
WHO MAKES EVERYTHING ABOUT
HIMSELF.
BUT FOR ME, THE PROBLEM REALLY
IS PEOPLE LIKE SENATOR TIM
SCOTT.
WHO TALKED ABOUT JOE BIDEN
HAVING BLOOD ON HIS HANDS.
PEOPLE LIKE RONNA MCDANIEL'S,
THE HEAD OF THE RMC, WHO SAID
THAT THIS IS A GREAT
OPPORTUNITY FOR REPUBLICAN
CANDIDATES.
THAT IS IRRESPONSIBLE.
YOU SEE, AMERICANS HERE HAVE TO
TALK WITH ONE VOICE.
THERE IS ONE GROUP OF PEOPLE
WITH BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS, AND
THAT IS HAMAS.
AND WHETHER YOU ARE
PRO-PALESTINIAN OR WHETHER YOU
ARE PRO ISRAELI OR WHETHER YOUR
PRO BOTH, YOU HAVE TO BE
AGAINST HAMAS.
AND THAT IS WHAT OUR FOCUS AS
AMERICANS, AND CERTAINLY THE
MEMBERS OF OUR GOVERNMENTS AND
THOSE WHO HAVE PLATFORMS AND
OUR LEADERS SHOULD BE DIRECTING
THEIR FIRE AND DIRECTING THEIR
VOICE.
AND THE CONTRAST, AGAIN, COULD
NOT BE STARK.
OR AT A TIME WHEN --
THANKING AMERICA AND THANKING
JOE BIDEN, AT A TIME WHEN YOU
SEE ISRAELIS GATHERING AROUND
OUR SECRETARY OF STATE, HUGGING
HIM.
AND THEY ARE HUGGING HIM AS AN
EXTENSION OF AMERICA.
YOU SEE HERE IN AMERICA PEOPLE
TRYING TO BLAME AMERICANS FOR
WHAT JUST HAPPENED IN ISRAEL.
COME ON, FOLKS.
COME ON.
STOP THIS.
STOP THE INSANITY, STOP THE
PARTISANSHIP.
WE HAVE TO UNITE AT A TIME LIKE
THIS.
>> ALL RIGHT. FORMER US
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS
CRITICIZING BENJAMIN NETANYAHU
AND ISRAELI INTELLIGENCE TRUMP
SPEAKING TO SUPPORTERS IN
FLORIDA, RECALLED AN INCIDENT
INVOLVING ISRAEL'S ROLE IN A
2020 US DRONE STRIKE. HE SAID
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU PULLED
OUT OF THE PLAN TO KILL
ARONNE'S TOP SECURITY AND
INTELLIGENCE COMMANDER WHAT I
SEE, SOMETIMES THE INTELLIGENCE
YOU'D TALK ABOUT THE
INTELLIGENCE SO YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT SOME OF THE THINGS THAT
WENT WRONG OVER THE LAST WEEK.
THEY'VE GOT A STRAIGHTENING OUT
BECAUSE THEY'RE FIGHTING
POTENTIALLY A VERY BIG FOREST.
I DID HAVE A BAD EXPERIENCE
WITH ISRAEL THOUGH, WHEN WE
TOOK OUT SOLEMANI IT WAS US AND
AS YOU WORK IT AS A GROUP AND
THE NIGHT BEFORE IT HAPPENED I
GOT TO CALL THAT ISRAEL WILL
NOT BE PARTICIPATING IN THIS
ATTACK I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT
BIBI NETANYAHU LET US DOWN THAT
WAS A VERY TERRIBLE THING. I
WILL SAY THAT ALL RIGHT,
OLIVIER KNOX, THE AUTHOR OF THE
WASHINGTON POST DAILY TO O2.
AND OF COURSE, NATIONAL
POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT IS BACK
WITH US ON THIS.
>> SO OLIVIER THE STAKES ARE
VERY HIGH. OF COURSE, WITH THIS
STORY BUT THE REALITY IS QUITE
PAR FOR THE COURSE WHEN IT
COMES TO DONALD TRUMP
>> YEAH, IT REALLY IS. I MEAN,
WE STILL, WE HAVE TO START BY
SAYING, WHO KNOWS IF WHAT HE
SAID IS TRUE EVEN.
>> BUT YES, WE'RE TRYING TO
FIGURE THAT OUT AS YOU AND I
SPEAK. SO THAT'S AN IMPORTANT
CAVEAT. I'M GLAD YOU RAISED,
BUT WE'VE WATCHED WE'VE WATCHED
THE ISRAELI RESPONSE TO THE
BIDEN ADMINISTRATION'S SUPPORT
OVER THE LAST FEW DAYS.
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU HAS, HAS
JUST REPEATEDLY PRAISED THE
BIDEN ADMINISTRATION. YOU SAW
THE SHOW OF SOLIDARITY TODAY
WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE,
TONY BLINKEN. IT'S NOT SUPER
HARD TO FIGURE OUT WHY DONALD
TRUMP MIGHT BE ANGRY AT BIBI
NETANYAHU NOW AND I DON'T THINK
IT HAS A LOT TOO. DO WITH A
YEARS OLD RAID AGAINST
AIRSTRIKE. I SHOULD SAY AGAINST
A TOP IRANIAN GENERAL.
>> IT'S
>> IT IS PART FOR THE COURSE IN
ANOTHER WAY WHICH IS OF COURSE
THAT HE HAS HISTORICALLY SAID A
LOT OF NICE THINGS ABOUT A LOT
OF BAD PEOPLE. HE'S PRAISED KIM
JONG UN. HE'S PRAISED THE
CHINESE RESPONSE, THE CHINESE
CRACKDOWN TO TENEMENTS HE
PRAISED VLADIMIR PUTIN. THIS
IS, AS YOU SAY, IT'S, IT'S VERY
PART FOR THE COURSE BUT I DON'T
THINK WE SHOULD LOOK AWAY FROM
THIS.
>> NO, I'M I'M GLAD YOU I'M
GLAD YOU PUT IT THAT WAY. I
AGREE. AND I'M SURE THAT THERE
ARE PEOPLE THAT WERE MISSING. I
WANT TO BRING IN THE REST OF
OUR POLITICAL PANEL HERE NOW,
JOINING US AS BRIAN FALLON, HE
IS THE CO-FOUNDER OF DEMAND
JUSTICE AND THE FORMER PRESS
SECRETARY FOR HILLARY CLINTON'S
2016 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN. AND
WE ALSO HAVE SARAH MATTHEWS,
THE FORMER DEPUTY PRESS
SECRETARY WITH THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION. SO SARA, BEFORE
I GET TO BEFORE I GET TO THE
WHITE HOUSE RESPONSE AND TALK
TO BRIAN ABOUT IT, I JUST LIKE
TO KINDA GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO
RESPOND TO WHAT THE FORMER
PRESIDENT SAID HERE ABOUT THIS
RAID. I MEAN, DO YOU HAVE ANY
KNOWLEDGE OF WHAT DID OR DIDN'T
HAPPEN THAT YOU'RE ABLE TO
SHARE WITH US IN TERMS OF
DETERMINING THE VERACITY OF
WHAT HE HAS TO SAY AND IF NOT,
AND PERHAPS IT'S CLASSIFIED SO
PERHAPS I'M ASSUMING THAT IF
NOT I'M JUST CURIOUS. YOU'RE
TAKE ON WHAT HIS MOTIVATIONS
MIGHT BE IN SAYING THIS. NOW
>> I WASN'T AT THE WHITE HOUSE
WHEN THIS RAID HAPPENED, AND SO
I CAN'T REALLY SPEAK TO THAT
AND HIS THINKING ON THAT
SPECIFIC THING, BUT I THINK
SOMETHING THAT IS REALLY
IMPORTANT TO NOTE IS THAT IT
WAS REPORTED IN 2021 THAT
DONALD TRUMP WAS VERY UNHAPPY
WITH NETANYAHU BECAUSE
NETANYAHU WAS ONE OF THE FIRST
PEOPLE TO CONGRATULATE
PRESIDENT BIDEN ON HIS WIN IN
THE NOVEMBER ELECTION AND SO I
THINK THAT THAT IS ACTUALLY
WHAT IS MOST SIGNIFICANT AND
DRIVING TRUMP'S BEEF WITH
NETANYAHU AND WHY HE MADE THOSE
REMARKS. HE MIGHT SAY IT HAS
SOMETHING TO DO WITH THAT
SOLEMANI STRIKE AND THAT COULD
BE PART OF IT, BUT I DO THINK
THAT IT'S ACTUALLY THAT HE WAS
UPSET THAT NETANYAHU
ACKNOWLEDGED THAT BIDEN WON THE
ELECTION FAIR AND SQUARE. AND
SO THAT SEEMS TO BE THE DRIVING
FORCE HERE, BUT IT IS REALLY
DISGUSTING THESE REMARKS THAT I
THINK HE MADE WHERE HE'S THE
FORMER PRESIDENT IS PRAISING
HEZBOLLAH. AND I THINK A LOT OF
REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE BEEN
CRITICAL OF CONGRESSWOMAN TLAIB
FOR REFUSING TO DENOUNCE HAMAS
SHOULD BE EQUALLY UPSET DONE
WITH THE FORMER PRESIDENT FOR
PRAISING HEZBOLLAH AND MAKING
THESE REMARKS AT A TIME WHEN WE
NEED TO SHOW SOLIDARITY WITH
ISRAEL AND SHOW UNWAVERING
SUPPORT